day to all you guys this you see
my duel of yu gi oh
as you can see this silver part is the
portal that we say and and to a closure in
Scotch tape
here I will show you that in order not to do
run off the cards
otherwise if you didn't have this
protection
when you do this because for sure
move your 2 list they will all come out
the papers and for this he says about this
protection
let's start from the right here is the space for
the extra dec
as you can see while here on the left a little
all these spaces are more sinister
whites allow the cards you can
put in attack position
as you see from this this form with
what am I doing
or defense position that it would be
this is very simple to do them
just take a sheet of course
make the measurement of your cards in
vertical than horizontal and then do
these little ones there are these things in here
card because if you put the card
so here the paper can do this
movement that could also give a little
of annoyance and I have created these i
the spouts say small to block them
and so they don't do anything about gambling it is
this here and for all the papers then
we turn our 2 list and here we have
we see that we have a cuff for
put in the hand that is the short e
keep them in your hands like that
and here we have some in the papers where
place the card traps cards
cards covered art traps cards e
magic also with scotch closure
because as you see they have an opening
he had to put the cards in and for
avoid that the cards come out enough
closing so the cards are no longer e
this heart all the part below
I made it black as a background
at first I had these spaces here with a
piece of paper that kept him holding
attached to the cards, however, was not very
a genius and I decided to create these yes
bring cards here I had intuition of
put another box similar to this one
to put the cemetery cards
but I still have to think about how to do it
because normally no idea and if
want
in description of themes maybe some
idea or some other video on what to do
and even here on the extra dark you could
make another little box so a little more
high maybe closed like this guy but
this is the cardboard here
first of all the web of sky cardboard
while these card holders are made of paper
you could do the extra tech door
a kart in the place to do it in cardboard is a
difficult and always do it in height
quite superior to your cards
of the former of the street because no one knows
never that maybe you open a packet of
yu cards already oh
and maybe a monster will come out of you
like you have to put it in the extra depp it is
in short, for this video it's all if not
you understand something
ask me in description and thanks e
see you later